with this technique we're going to tell
you how to make perfect Yorkshire
puddings perfect gold and puffed up
Yorkshire puddings Yorkshire puddings
are really easy to make you just need
some flour some eggs some milk and a
splash of water and to make 12
individual Yorkshire puddings you need
115 grams of plain flour we need 2 eggs
1 egg whites beat that till smooth so
eggs flour when there's no lumps at all
everything's come together to make a
sticky paste and then we're gradually
going to add a hundred and 75
milliliters of full fat milk which has
been mixed with 50 milliliters of water
so about a quarter at a time should be
fired you'll find a lot of recipes more
old-fashioned recipes will tell you you
need to make Yorkshire pudding batter a
few hours ahead
I found this absolute you know truth in
it whether you make it last minute or
the night before the result is still the
same so with the rest of our milk now
one of the secrets to making beautiful
Yorkshire puddings is to get your tin
and your oil really hot
traditionally beef drippings used well
you can use duck fat or goose fat or
simply some flour so there's our batter
mumphrey
let's season it with a bit of salt and
pour it back into our jug so behind me
I've got the oven on 220 conventional
she's 200 fan we've got our tin in
they're heating up
is the oil so it's really hot and that
is this true secret having really hot
oil what you want when you add your
batter to the pan is you want to hear it
sizzle and that's what's going to give
you your lovely yorkese just divide
batter between your tin know the hot
tray goes into the hot oven that's gone
into the oven at 220 which is 200 fan
and they need about 15 to 20 minutes to
cook now another secrets cooking them is
not to open the oven door by opening the
oven door all you're gonna do is lose
heat you need all the heat in the oven
and that's what's going to make them
rise and puff up so leave them for the
first 15 minutes then have a look see
how golden they are by that point they
would have puffed up and all you're
doing is crisping crisping the edges for
the final 5 minutes if they need it
so here's some Yorkshire puddings we've
cooked for about 15-20 minutes as you
can see they puffed up beautiful golden
balloon Yorkshire puddings
you